i
next Saturday , July 5
one of the most anticipated matches
of the year
the belt dispute between the American
chris layman and the brazilian lyoto
machida by fc 1 75
You can already place your bet on another
beat known as delivery on 30
years he is one meter eighty-five
fight for the middle category of fc
japanese origin
china became the black belt in
karate already 13 years old and in the year
2000 was runner-up in sumo
currently ranks third in the
official ranking of fc behind champion
with Vitor Belfort's brother in his
career has 21 wins and four
defeats and will face the American with
two video fights your opponent and
slime was responsible for taking the
Belt in Brazil when you won.
anderson silva by knockout in June
was also relevant to him.
Anderson broke the window and stayed out
octagons of haiti has 30 years and
It measures 1 meter and
His career began at 7 s ground game
very popular in the united states
he currently ranks first in the
official fc ranking in 11 fights of his
career has never had a defeat and you
while the fighters will bet
access the pet site already in the category of
sports and access to part of wever cna
you can bet on the main fight of the
night and all other debts and
earn money with the fights until
next video